add dangerouslySignInWithoutUserInCatalog option (#1438)
janus-idp/backstage-showcase: showcase-docs/auth.md

  ```

- To disable the guest login set `auth.environment` to `production`.

> ### dangerouslySignInWithoutUserInCatalog configuration value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog configuration value
```

> This configuration allows users to sign in even if their profile is not present in the catalog. By default, this option is set to false. Enabling this option is dangerous as it may allow unauthorized users to gain access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows users to sign in even if their profile has not been injested into the catalog. By default, this option is set to false. 
WARNING: Enabling this option may allow access to unauthorized users.
```

To enable this option:

```yaml

> dangerouslySignInWithoutUserInCatalog: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dangerouslyAllowSignInWithoutUserInCatalog: true
```
